inbound requests table rows are removed at end of workflow (#369)
amperity/amperity-docs: amperity_datagrid/source/privacy_rights.rst

     - **Results**

>        When a delete PII request workflow is finished the **Unified Compliance** and **Unified Compliance Overview** tables are updated and all rows in the inbound requests table are removed.

Reviewer: Nuances here
1. There can be multiple request tables
2. Rows that weren't processed don't get deleted (new data loaded separately during an in-progress workflow)
3. We also delete inputs to request cdts in the same way

```suggestion
       When a delete PII request workflow is finished the **Unified Compliance** and **Unified Compliance Overview** tables are updated and processed rows are removed inbound request tables are removed and inputs to inbound request tables in the case of CDTS.
```

If multiple identification fields exist, they are treated as though they are separate requests, identifying source domain records that can be matched to ANY of the identification fields.

All rows in inbound request tables that are processed by a delete request or delete PII request workflow are removed.

.. note:: An address group is a single entity. A compliance action must match all fields within the address group: address, address2, city, state, postal, and country. It is important for addresses in incoming data to be standardized before they can be used for matching in compliance requests.

.. admonition:: Inbound requests and custom domain tables

   You may use a custom domain table to transform an inbound request table into the needed format. If you intend to use only a single **request_type** or **request_strategy**, those can be hard-coded in the custom domain table, rather than be included as part of the inbound request.

>    Inputs to inbound request tables that
> 
>    #. Rely on custom domain tables
>    #. Are present at the time Stitch starts a delete or delete PII request workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Source records tagged with request semantics or source records which are referenced by a CDT tagged with request semantics.

   #. Are present at the time Stitch starts a delete or delete PII request workflow
```

>    #. Are present at the time Stitch starts a delete or delete PII request workflow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   #. Are present at the time ingest runs for a workflow where Stitch starts a delete or delete PII request workflow
```
